---
title: 'section 4'
date: 2023-04-20
permalink: /posts/sec4/
tags:
  - diary
  - Assignment 
  - problems
  - schedule
---

4/21 Story Telling with Data - Ch1+Ch2\
4/24 Marketing Strategy - Simple Energy V \
4/28 Story Telling with Data - Ch3+Ch4\
4/29 Marketing Strategy - MARKSTRAT DECISION 1 2 3 4\
4/30 Marketing Strategy - Team Strategy plan \
4/30 Marketing Strategy - MARKSTRAT DECISION 5 \
5/02 Story Telling with Data - Ch5+Ch6\
5/02 Story Telling with Data - Data Story 1\
5/03 Marketing Strategy - MARKSTRAT DECISION 6\
5/03 Marketing Analytics - Assignment 4\
5/03 Marketing Analytics - Quiz 4 - Ch8\
5/05 Story Telling with Data - Assignment 1, 2, 3, 4\
5/05 Story Telling with Data - CH7+Ch8\
5/05 Story Telling with Data - Data Story 2 and 3\
5/06 Marketing Strategy - MARKSTRAT DECISION 7\
5/08 Marketing Strategy - MARKSTRAT DECISION 8 9 10\
5/08 Marketing Strategy - Dollar Tree\
5/08 Marketing Strategy - Anjelo’s Confectionaries\
5/10 Marketing Analytics - Quiz 5 - Ch10\
5/10 Marketing Analytics - Culminating Project\
5/12 Story Telling with Data - Final presentation\
5/15 Marketing Strategy - Omni Foods\
5/15 Marketing Strategy - EXAM\
5/25 Marketing Strategy - MARKSTRAT presentation

===

TBD Story Telling with Data - Assignment 2, 3, 4

===

Product is tied for market leadership in a growth market

<table border="1">
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <td>
      <b>Assignment 1: Google Search Trends and Fast Fashion</b>
      </td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
    <td>Google Search is the leading search engine with 92% of the global market and 3.5 billion searches every day.Google Trends is a free tool which measures consumers’ search keywords.<br />
        It can be used to understand consumer sentiment or more specifically, craft marketing strategies.<br />
        <a href="https://trends.google.com/home" target="_blank" title="Google Trands">Google Trends</a> <br />
        For example, in 2022, the top four global searches were: <br />
        1. Wordle <br />
        2. India vs. England<br />
        3. Ukraine<br />
        4. Queen Elizabeth<br />
        Many of the most popular searches in the US relate to social media or retailers (e.g., Facebook, Amazon, Walmart, Best Buy, Macy’s).<br />
        Interestingly, the Chinese online retailer, Shein is in the top 100. Providing trending styles and low prices, Shein competes with other “fast fashion” retailers such as Zara and H&M. (Sadly, these companies are often criticized for their negative impact on the environment.) </td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>Your goal: Find data, insights, and a story idea around the popularity of Shein in the US.<br />
        1. Go to: <a href="https://trends.google.com/home" target="_blank" title="Google Trands">Google Trends</a><br />
        2. Enter a search term (Shein) and then, two more comparisons (Zara) and (H&M).<br />
        3. List 5 queries that you did in your investigations.<br />
        4. List 5 key insights you discovered.<br />
        5. Create at least 1 graphic to support one or more of these insights.<br />
        6. Based on your findings, what is your story idea? Explain in three sentences or less.<br />
        7. Please use the .twbx and/or Word and PowerPoint file formats to upload a copy of your Tableau file to Canvas Discussion Board Assignment 1.</td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>


<table border="1">
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <td>
        <b>Assignment 2: Data aggregation and Rotten Tomatoes </b>
      </td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>Data aggregation is a technique that combines and summarizes data from disparate sources.<br />
          Rotten Tomatoes is a leading online aggregator of TV and movie reviews. Their consumer friendly “Tomatometer” ranks content as “fresh” > 60 percent or “rotten” < 60 percent.<br />
          Few movies achieve the coveted 100% tomatometer score, but notable ones include Pixar’s Toy Story and Akira Kurosawa’s masterpiece, Seven Samurai.<br />
          <a href="https://www.studiobinder.com/blog/rotten-tomatoes-ratings-system/" target="_blank" title="Reference">References</a><br />
          This Kaggle dataset has two sets of the data. The smaller one, rotten_tomatoes_movies, includes critical and popular ratings, as well as industry specific data such as rating, release date (theatre and streaming), language, distributor, and more.<br />
          The larger one, rotten_tomatoes_movies_reviews, includes all the reviews for each of the movies in the aforementioned file. This is a huge file.<br />
          Imagine that you are a movie studio analyst and you have received this data set. Your boss wants you to analyze the data and see if you can find any indicators that can predict a movie’s box office success. Note: Like all data, you may or may not capture any trends.</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>Your goal: Create a plan to analyze the data and provide a summary of your steps.<br />
          1. Go to: https://www.kaggle.com/datasets/andrezaza/clapper-massive-rotten-tomatoes-movies-<br />
          2. Download the data set: rotten_tomatoes_movies (Note: there are two data sets... this is the smaller one.)<br />
          3. Based on the data, list five ways you could analyze this data.<br />
          4. Upload this data to Tableau and see if you can conduct this analysis. (There are many empty fields, so you may have difficulty. If so, disregard step 5 and continue to step 6.<br />
          5. If you can, create graphics that support this analysis.<br />
          6. If you can’t, highlight your difficulty.<br />
          7. Please use the .twbx file format and/or Word and PowerPoint file formats to upload a copy of\ your Tableau file to Canvas Discussion Board Assignment 2.
      </td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>

<table border="1">
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <td>
        <b>Assignment 3: Create Your Own Data Visualization<b>
      </td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>There may be times in business, where you have the autonomy to do your own analysis and data visualization.<br />
          For example, perhaps you have a hypothesis you want to test, or maybe you want to dig deeper into some earlier research you’ve encountered.<br />
          In this assignment, you can either choose a dataset from Kaggle or another source.</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>Your goal: Show your skills in analysis and data visualization by creating a Tableau visualization workbook<br />
      Create a Tableau visualization workbook consisting of a minimum of three worksheets and three different charts.<br />
      1. Locate a new dataset from either Kaggle or other source. Explain the source of your data why did you select it?<br />
      2. Choose at least 3 different examples from the following chart types: Bar-in-Bar, Line, Stacked Bar, Tree Maps, Area Charts, Heat map, Gnatt or Pie chart.<br />
      3. What interesting data insights did you find? Explain your process of discovering these insights. What questions did you ask of the data?<br />
      4. Explain the process you took to develop the visualization and why you selected each specific chart type. Which dimensions and measures did you choose, and why?<br />
      5. Who is the best audience for this data and for your insights?<br />
      6. Please use the .twbx file format to upload a copy of your Tableau file to Canvas Discussion Board Assignment 3.</td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>


<table border="1">
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <td><b>Assignment 4: Create A Tableau Story<b>
      </td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>Here’s an opportunity to “free form” and show off your Tableau skills.</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>Your goal: Create a brief story using Tableau Stories.<br />
          1. Include 3 different maps: a Symbol map, Filled Map and a Density Map.<br />
          2. Use annotations (commentary) on each map to describe how to interpret your visualizations and tell your story.<br />
          3. Explain the process you took to develop the maps and what questions they were designed to answer.<br />
          4. Provide a written description in the discussion post. Explain why the dataset was selected, how each of the maps were created, and what questions the maps are answering.<br />
          5. Upload your Story (.twbx) and post your description to the Assignment 4 Discussion Board.|</td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>

<table border="1">
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <td><b>Data Story I: Create and Present Your Own Research (Individual Project – 15%)<b>
    </td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>Direct to consumer (D2C) is a business model that promotes products and services directly to consumers. <br />
          This model has been around since the advent of the internet, and gained traction during the pandemic, as consumers relied on delivery for a wider range of services and products. Notable D2C companies include Blue Apron, Casper, Dollar Shave Club, and Warby Parker.<br />
          Imagine that you are creating a new D2C business and you want to use consumer research to gauge interest in your offering. These insights will be part of your “pitch deck” to a venture capitalist, so you can get funding for your idea.<br />
          <a href="https://mailchimp.com/resources/what-is-pitch-deck" target="_blank" title="Reference">References</a><br />
          For this assignment you will create a survey using Qualtrics and distribute to other students in our class. You can choose one of three businesses that all have an organic component.<br />
          Note: the examples below don’t have those organic or eco-friendly components.<br />
          1. Organic meal delivery service (e.g., Hello Fresh)<br />
          2. Organic dog food meal service (e.g., The Farmers’ Dog)<br />
          3. Organic cotton socks and underwear (e.g., Bombas)<br />
          For this assignment you will create, field, and develop a presentation of 10 pages that incorporates your survey data.<br />
          『Note: This presentation doesn’t have to be the pitch deck, just a summary of data that supports your idea.」</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>Your goal: Create a compelling story that will excite investors in your business idea.<br />
      1. Create a survey in Qualtrics (must include 3 different question types, skip logic, piped text and required responses for all questions)<br />
      2. Create in either Tableau or PowerPoint, 5 charts that highlight consumer sentiment in the product<br />
      3. Create a 10-page PowerPoint deck (which will include those 5 charts) and also highlights: ▪ Business opportunity\ ▪ Target market and opportunity\ ▪ Target audience\ ▪ Solution\ ▪ Marketing, sales, or promotions\ 4. Make sure to upload as a PPT and PDF.|</td>
    </tr>
 </tbody>
</table>

<table border="1">
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <td><b>Data Story II: Written Communications (Individual Project – 15%)<b>
      </td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>While PowerPoint is the standard in business communications, not every company relies on a “deck” to communicate or deliver findings.<br />
          Most famously, Amazon is known for its six-page memos, which are structured documents which include sections such as:<br />
          - Executive Summary<br />
          - Background and Context of the Issue<br />
          - Goal and Objective<br />
          - Analysis and Research Findings<br />
          - Recommendations<br />
          Other companies such as Google rely on OKR (Objectives and Key Results). References:<a href="https://shorturl.at/psxyR" target="_blank" title="Reference1">References1</a> , <a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/OKR" target="_blank" title="Reference2">References2</a><br />
          For this assignment, imagine that you are employed at a large integrated healthcare organization in a major metropolitan area (e.g., Kaiser Permanente, UCSF, Stanford Health).<br />
          A nonprofit has donated $100 million dollars to your organization to pursue one specific healthcare initiative (e.g., primary care, Covid, mental health, cancer, diabetes, pediatrics, women’s health, or another of your choice).<br />
          Your goal is to present a written document (~5 pages) to the management of your organization that makes the best case for one of these initiatives.</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>Goal: Write a structured memo using data and statistics to make your case.<br />
          1. The report should include the following sections: <br />
          o Executive summary (~2-3 paragraphs)<br />
          o Background<br />
          o Goal: (Fund $100 million for [initiatives]<br />
          o Research findings to support the need for 「initiative」 （make sure to include at least 5 data points）<br />
          o Summarization of recommendations\ Note: In this case you can use existing healthcare and public policy research.<br />
          Some good sources are: Kaiser Family Foundation and Pew Research Organization.<br />
          Their graphs and tables from these sites are generally well designed, so feel free to download and use, but make sure to note the source.<br />
          Additionally, while it may be tempting to use ChatGPT, please don’t use it for this assignment!</td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>
<table border="1">
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <td><b>Data Story III: Persuade the Audience- 2 Minute Exercise (Individual Project= 15%)<b></td>
    </tr>
    <tr><td>In business, we often think of data being used to spur expansion and growth, but sadly, data stories are often told to showcase the decline of a company or brand.<br />
          For this assignment you will use existing research (e.g., news articles, syndicated research, social media, annual reports) to prove the following are bad business decisions.<br />
          Your target audience and setting: The shareholders of their respective companies and its annual meeting.<br />
          1. Elon Musk purchasing Twitter<br />
          2. Mark Zuckerberg pursuing the metaverse<br />
          In this case, you want to use no more than 5 data points to make your case and present it in 2 minutes or less, using any means of presentation (e.g., Tableau, PowerPoint, Video).<br />
          You will be presenting in class (May 5) and your classmates will be evaluating and voting on each presentation.</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>Goal: Create a persuasive story in 2 minutes or less, with a target audience of shareholders.<br />
          1. Using existing online research and up to five data points, create a compelling argument around why either one of these was a bad idea.<br />
          2. You can use the visual and auditory mediums of your choice, but make sure that you have at least two points (e.g., numbers, currency, graphics, quotes) visualized in your presentation.</td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>

<table border="1">
  <tbody>
    <tr>Marketing Research :
    </tr>
    <tr><td>BLI/ BLIS "brand lift insight"  ATV CTV OTT OTS PME<br />
          [BLI description](https://www.thinkwithgoogle.com/marketing-strategies/video/brand-lift-metrics-and-insights/#:~:text=Brand%20Lift%20is%20a%20measurement,%2C%20favorability%2C%20and%20purchase%20intent.)<br />
          Cross-Media studies<br />
          Site Conversion studies<br />
          A/B Testing <br />
          CXL Lab<br />
        </td>
    </tr>  
  </tbody>
</table>